docs / warning binary (#126)
CoinAlpha/hummingbot-docs: content/release-notes/0.34.0.mdx

Read more in our documentation how to use the connector [here](/protocol-connectors/terra).

> > **Warning:** Currently [dYdX](/exchange-connectors/dydx/), [terra](/protocol-connectors/terra) and [loopring](/exchange-connectors/loopring/) doesn't worked on Binary Installers. It can only be used when running Hummingbot from source or with Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Currently [dydx](/exchange-connectors/dydx/), [terra](/protocol-connectors/terra) and [loopring](/exchange-connectors/loopring/) don't work on Binary Installers. It can only be used when running Hummingbot from source or with Docker.
```
